an entirely new direction for hull
design for Rinker Captiva 'he's
introducing the all-new Captiva MTX the
fork style of the new MTX hull design
creates an enormous space in the bow it
skims the surface with little drag for
high efficiency it can slice through big
waves while keeping passenger is high
and dry
the Rinker 210 jumps up on plane with
ease and has the quick maneuvering you
would expect from an exhilarating sport
boat at speed the 210 MTX makes you feel
like you are flying above the water with
engine and drive systems that are
powerful and efficient for all of its
modern efficiency the MTX
is a lot of fun in the water at the app
the 210 MT exports a huge Sun deck with
sceeto and covered stainless steel
boarding laughter the available walkover
transom entrance gets everyone on board
effortlessly the helm is exactly what
you expect from a 21st century design
full backlit marine instrumentation tilt
sports steering wheel molded foot rests
and scenario control are all right there
you'll see the quality of stainless
steel all around with couple maori rub
rails and cleats that are ready to take
on any environment Premium GX 48 vinyl
covers all upholstered items snap in
marine carpet covers this self bailing
fiberglass cockpit liner led cockpit
lighting is standard the cuddy cabin is
not some little bear cabin the 210 MTX
features over 4 feet of headroom with a
be bird that can sleep two adults
comfortably like all Rinker's the cabin
has a locking door bed hatch backrest
storage and for truly civilized boating
a portable headset stores in its cabin
stowaways a flip-down DVD player is
available there are several engine drive
combinations available for the 210 MTX
from both volvo penta and Mercruiser
the 210 MTX comes with an impressive
list of standard equipment but we didn't
forget the options that can make this
fantastic sport boat exactly what you
want
perfect pass or smart tow speed control
course a quick and quiet exhaust control
and trim tabs with LED indicators at the
helm here are some of the great
individual options for the Captiva 210
MTX
the Rinker Captiva 210 MTX cutting this
is the sport boat you have wanted all
along